welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're going to end our journey
specifically with vincent price as he is
after all
the last man on earth if you struggle to
embrace your universal awfulness in the
eyes of others
subscribe to the channel to guide you
let's get to it
we open on a desolate urban landscape
where we see no signs of life and
indications that public sanitation
services have been
completely abandoned and then robert
morgan wakes up to an alarm clock and
maintains his calendars
because especially in hell we are all
slaves to the construct of linear time
he goes about his chores uncomfortably
in a time before athletic wear existed
we learn he spends his nights holed up
in his house avoiding zombie vampires
and his days disposing of their bodies
and fortifying his defenses
while out running errands he also
systematically searches the city for
sleeping vampires to straight up
murder and taking the ones he can to the
pit of eternal fire which he has to
ensure
keeps burning basically he's retired but
he also has a lot of projects he's
working on but the day slips away so
quickly when keeping the mind and body
sharp so he has to rush home to put on a
record in the hope it'll drown out the
sound of the crowd banging on his house
and calling out his name
the next morning he reaches his limit
not of murder but of monotony
and he goes to visit the tomb of his
dead wife he falls asleep there and
awakes at nightfall
despite the secure premise he still
rushes back home and into his house his
determination posing little risk
due to their ineffectual assault since
he slept all day he's wired all night so
he delights in home videos of donkey
kicks and then flashes back to the good
times before all this started we see he
was hard at work trying to figure out a
cure to a mysterious virus that was
sweeping the planet his progress however
was somewhat limited as regards the
hypothesis
the victims were returning as vampires
his unwillingness to accept reality
forced him to be an impotent observer as
everyone around him succumbed to the
illness
until one day he secretly buried his
wife to avoid the fire pit
and then that night she came back and
now yaboi's got no choice but to believe
the next day he comes across a scrappy
dog and tries to entice her to come with
him while out searching for her he
discovers bodies killed by someone other
than him
he ponders this until his friend returns
but only to get cleaned up and die
when he buries it he sees a woman
walking around in the sunlight so he
lumbers after her and convinces her
she'd be safer with him
she settles in and introduces herself as
ruth and she seems nice enough but
old bob's grown wily so he thrusts five
pounds of garlic in her face as a test
cause only vampires don't like this
later he catches her preparing for an
injection she's one of the vamps but
from an organized community that has
discovered a way to temporarily repress
the virus they send her to infiltrate
his stronghold and see what he knows
but he wants to join up so they can work
together on a full cure she declines his
membership application as he is viewed
as a monster to their kind
coming in the day and killing them where
they lie when she passes out from strain
he performs an involuntary blood
transfusion the most
intimate and erotic act that can be
performed between two people
and it works to cure her she can tell by
the feel of her skin
but she's scared it's too late as her
community is planning to kill him that
very night when the halflings arrive in
their noisy diesels they can't hear
ruth's pleading and then bob puts the
moves on him demonstrating why they
called him snake hips back in high
school they chased him through town
eventually cornering him in the church
and putting him down on the pulpit like
a dog
losing their one chance at deriving a
full cure from his virus immune blood
unless they quickly harvest it from his
body which i'm sure they do
this movie was the precursor to i am
legend and another of the few films in
this box set that strike me as a
legitimate release feature film
in that it's worth checking out on its
own if you enjoyed the video
i'd love for you to become part of the
channel by subscribing thanks for
watching